test_runner: added coverage threshold support for tests (#51182)
nodejs/node: doc/api/cli.md

Specify the `module` containing exported [module customization hooks][].
`module` may be any string accepted as an [`import` specifier][].

> ### `--experimental-minimum-coverage`

Reviewer: If we keep adding more and more flags, they should probably at least be scoped consistently, e.g., `--experimental-minimal-test-coverage`?

<!-- YAML
added: v22.0.0
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

> To Specify the minimum percentage threshold value for code coverage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the minimum percentage threshold value for code coverage.
```

Used with `--experimental-test-coverage` flag. If the minimum threshold

> value is not met, the test will exit with status code 1.

Reviewer: The documentation doesn't say anything about what coverage metric is meant here.

Reviewer 2: Indeed; typically in code coverage there are 4 metrics (statements remains missing), and all 4 are independently able to be set to a threshold.
